the 22nd of the day in the upper league south of the
first fc lok leipzig receives home at
friday evening sg union sandersdorf was there
yes still something open and that should be here
be addressed differently
celebrities live out great visits and
he was so he was here work there dinger
symbol had birthday there was
Of course, how is that for ours?
petrol to the congratulations and he met
then afterwards and took the
congratulations of the opponent
He is such an important person here
leave now exaggerated that has
then the back will find rather timo
and then there was the next novelty to
first time in a game of fc lok
leipzig three ladies and whistles
sandra blumenthal katja cranks and
annett unterberg a game of the first fc
lok leipzig and must be the same
anticipate that they did right
well one of the best referees
performance in this season's background
was the Saxon arbitration association
has a conference in leipzig and 20 of hers
Colleagues sat on top of the tribune
and offered what the girls back like
did everything and it could
let's go then we go into the game
with the original commentary from lokku vom
Yesterday evening and now it's the same
Go real football namely with the
partie first fc locomotive leipzig sg
union sandersdorf and it's going on
went
otherwise actually two
defender first fc lok played
have and if we all continue
is defender was namely
steffen step here it has the sixth
at the first fc lok was already yes
could play less and less
with a nice but the pass scarce
Beautifully sliced ​​from the outside almost
but were an outrider pass so what
you can see great action great gate it
is 1 0 for lok leipzig after the
Play seven minutes
middle and sharp in the middle and there
It may be the first time this time and can
still gets the ball for soja
then back again vilimsky and now
time is until the flank of timo
köhler and he comes make her
his bags
sold a vacuum cleaner you
stopped
he worked out perfectly and the
push in the next bus and put it in the wrong direction
and that makes or gets it
haas feldmann returns to zero
beautiful graduation two stars from the
half remains with a whole
long ball from there and there it must be
the first time a step forward
we'll do soon to pick up that
really stupid so played the japanese
the ball goes down, the corner of the
kick off tor
that 's also pretty high on gino stage
that was nothing she can do now
Germany's second block will be her
me through the rhine main rhine but
not better either
good that rousseff does not receive it
problem and the half-time and now has
the second half started
the first fc lok from left to right
this must now be new forward
are worn well over 262 and
shoots and christoph schult is still there
emperor remains but also indianer
you do not know I did not care
is on schulz was still on the piano tuned that way
Roche after a throw in the
penal space shoots but this very much
Popular in Leipzig then fans would
here
Giant applause that was in the last
play show celebrates being unbalanced
now relatively loose now be found here
my shot from marcelo tried times as
I would suggest she went
from the field and rama.com
mentschow hoch zielinski at the
penalty area border if already sees
good and closes but close
the half-time goal of thurk
Amazon 83 minute because it enjoyed so much
tell steve brulé there you still get
well , absolutely feeling so on
Friday evening in blue and yellow leipzig
looked
Zielinski and Lukas had to
Lukas knew the plus almost with a car
directly on other trust the resin then
relatively far to 20 25 30 meters misses
the gate but also by lengths
that would be a nice ending, of course
been for the beautiful evening
today in Leipzig but should have been
it is 2 0
now is conclusion of arbitration
whistling congratulations musician
hans g football was certainly on
both sides are up but
militant you have to say first fc
lok convinced her today as well
chance and well used and that's why
it is said at the end here highly deserved 2 0
Sandersdorf he did not have now
really many chances
and if you wear it more white
earned without points home
we have to say something fast too
this umpire meeting the here
took place did not hurt us now
we have a little bit of our thinking
that the referees he
observing her colleagues
stand he now a courageous
maybe have a bit of a course
getting nervous
great achievement you have to say sandra
Blumenthal with her two assistants
it has has refereed the sovereign
say that the sandoz expensive here in the
second half a little more for
it was not enough
because they just have nothing to add
had and finally I had the
impression is with one or the other
sandersdorf then the power at the end
been
We've seen if cinema has boehner
again and again to the
so it was not thigh
definitely easier walk and in
the first eleven of the second half
were already served drinking bottle
what you actually see in winter yes
good winter reading glasses
let's say the next game
the first FC Lok is then fails
but then there must be a next one
game must indeed there are who will need
we are actually still imitating skiing
and play against there
the second team we play
then against red bull salzburg style
markranstädt is here and that is
Of course then a game which many
games can decide
call radio we broadcast all
duties of the first fc lok leipzig
live